hi and welcome to this lesson where I
will be teaching you an exercise that
will help along the progress when it
comes to your hand independence I'm not
sure what this exercise is called but
for this lesson sake I will call it the
hot and cold exercise what you're going
to do is actually pretend that the keys
on your right side is hot and that the
keys on your left side is cold or at
least regular heated kiss that is and
what you have to do before you start
this exercise is learn at least one key
signature this exercise can be used on
every single key signature in in the
whole register but in this lesson I will
be using the C major
simple as that now my right hand is
going to jump on the keys because it's
very hot left hand can play very
normally because it's normally heated
keys right like this
you
then all you have to do is change the
hands now your left hand is moving on
the hotkeys and the right hand is moving
on the cold keys like this very very
simple so you just have to learn how to
play the key before you start it start a
very slow move up to speed once you have
get more independent and your progress
will reach new heights I promise you
good luck